1. Yes there appears to be a fault. The fault is that the program starts from index 1 then iterates normally, this is done in the for loops condition "int i = 1".
    The issue is that since it starts at 1 it will not be able to check the first index, as that is accessed at 0. This will make it so that if the 1st element is 0,
    the program will be unable to determine that and may pass a student who has exactly 3 lectures missed, but one of them being the first that can't be read.

2. A test case that does not execute the fault is impossible, this is because each record is 10 values, so there will always be that first index that is skipped over
    by the function.

3. A test case that result in the error state but without a failure is {1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1}. This is because the fault will execute and skip the first index, but since the index is 1,
    absent_count would not have been incremented anyways. Therefore there is no resulting error state from this test case.

4. A test case that result in the error state but without a failure is {0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1,1}. This test case is expected to return false, that is because there are not
    three or more missed lectures. The fault is however executed, because the first index is still skipped and the zero is not counted to absent_count. Because it's not counted
    to absent_count that means this test case puts the program in an error state where absent_count is not tracking the record properly, however the expected output will still match
    the actual output, that being false, and therefore it does not result in failure.

5. A test case that results in failure is {0,0,0,1,1,1,1,1,1,1}. This is because the first index is not counted due to the fault being executed, this leads to absent_count not tracking
    it properly which is the error state, and because of that when it comes time to evaluate whether there are 3 or more missed lectures, absent_count wrongly showcases 2, then false is returned
    despite true being the expected output of the function. This is a failure.